He lived a long life. It was a fruitful one. He was always very focused and determined, so he managed to achieve everything he set his mind to. He wasn't always focussed on work though, he also had time for his many hobbies, his friends and his family.
Adrian was a true world citizen. He lived and worked in more countries than most people visit in their lifetime. He enjoyed travelling and meeting local people with which to enrich his stories. We all used to love his stories. He was open to everyone and everything.
I have known him for many years, and through this time many things have changed, both around him and within him. Yet a few things always remained unchanged. His passion for whatever he was working on and his confidence in his abilities, which was based on knowing that he was highly capable and competent. 
Adrian made a dent in everyone that cared to listen to him. His excentricities made us think: limiting the number of possessions, his relentless improvements to his habits, the sacredness he saw in all life, and the organization despite his forgetfullness.
Talking with him was always an experience. He really knew how to listen to you and make you think. We'll miss you.
Adrian's life was full of paradoxes: He had a hard time staying in the same place for more than 5 years, but he could sit still in meditation for hours. He had everything well organized, yet he would take off his clothes at night and throw them in the floor. He would wash his dishes inmediately after eating, yet he would take weeks before cleaning the kitchen. He couldn't stand watching football games, but he would watch climbing videos over and over. And it all made perfect sense to him.
In the professional side, Adrian had no limits. He was passionate about unlocking the creative potential of people working together. He started with the industries he knew, and then moved on to other areas. His knowledge about human motivations and desires, and how to help them work together was always of great help. Yet he managed to influence people without using coercion. Where he excelled the most was with teams with a higher purpose, I was never too sure whether it was Adrian that was drawn to these groups or that the groups learned about their purpose by his influence. 
Adrian was all about quick feedback. He believed that the more feedback the better. To the point that he would embrace full transparency. Something not everyone was comfortable with. One of his many mottos was: If you wouldn't want the whole world to know about it, maybe you shouldn't be doing it.
Adrian was often times invited to speak at conferences. He really enjoyed sharing his vision and helping people improve. This he also achieved by writing some books. Yet Adrian liked to hand hold people, not just sermon them from the distance. He knew that all models were wrong, and he enjoyed applying his intuition to specific cases. He would take up challenging jobs in which he could make a real impact, day in day out.
Amongst the different impacts he had, the main one was in the world of research. He was one of the main drivers in modernising the way research is done. Back when research institutions were going through really hard times, because of the great recession, Adrian started working with them to bring all his experience in radical management to academia. This led to changes in the way knowledge was transferred from researchers to entreprises. He appealed for the adoption of open publishing and full collaboration amongst researchers. His speech in Harvard inspired many bright minds to go into research in a time when doing a PhD was clearly not a good idea economically.
Even with all his accomplishments, Adrian still managed to lead a balanced life. He knew how to pause, take a deep breath, and get the energy needed for the future. He meditated for at least an hour every day. He took many vacations with his family. And he would leave on sabbatical every 7 years. After each sabbatical Adrian seemed younger than before. It was such an energizing experience for him and everyone around him. After he came back from it we were all half excited to hear his adventures, half fearful about being engulfed in his new projects. He was always learning the weirdest of things: Juggling, Slack-lining, Monocycling, playing the didgeridoo, Inuit throat singing, arabic, survival techniques, improvisational acting, ... 
Adrian always liked to push his limits. He was uncomfortable in his comfort zone, as if he was losing his precious time. He always said that if thinking about something made him uncomfortable, he had to try it.
He was also a family man. He made enough so that he wouldn't have to work long hours. Many times he would work from home in order to stay with his family and educate his children first-hand. His family was his preferred team, and as such they had a common goal. Adrian helped his children and wife figure out their true calling and pursue it with passion. He was an explorer and was keen on making all the mistakes so that others wouldn't have to. Yet he would let his most dear ones take paths he didn't agree with, since sometimes people have to learn the hard way and he knew he couldn't always be right and was open to being proved wrong.
I remember the phrase that Adrian would tell me everytime someone dear died: "Don't be sorry for him, he won't suffer again. Be compassionate for those of us that mourn him." He was right, no one knows where Adrian might now be. It doesn't matter. All I know is that he would like us to help each other now that he is away. Let's be happy that he moved us, and let's remember him by continuing to move... together.
